Calgary's number 1 hit music station 598
5 presents alright so here we are the
olympic oval challenge number one of the
mark versus fuzzy $10,000 charity
challenge i really could not believe
this is happening today we're going to
be speed skating like everybody else out
here there's there's some people who are
here who are really really fast I'm not
concerned about them because I'm not
racing them i'm racing mark michaels I
have to admit ice a little bit bigger
than I thought it was gonna be but with
the training can I get it can I get a
shot of mostly mostly these I've been
doing this morning mostly lunges have a
gym been out doing some jogging I've
been exercised and I kicked it up a
notch everybody's cheering for fuzzy
nobody knows nobody knows what
competitor I am yet hey everybody I'm
Danny from the vibe morning show and we
are here at the olympic oval for mark
versus fuzzy $10,000 charity challenge
number one and we're here with kelsey
from the Calgary speed skating
association now they're gonna be doing
this speed skating and well how do you
think they're going to do first off well
let's take into consideration that
they've never been on speed skates true
and it got kind of limited skating
experience yes also true it's going to
be interesting to see them on the ice
for the first time in the speed skates
but we've got 15 people from the club
that have come out to help them so
they'll give them a few tips on what
they need to do to get low get fast and
then when we see them racing yeah that's
going to be the true test it's going to
be a scary test I think now they are
gonna be doing one lap of the oval mount
for a regular speed skater that you know
have done this for a while what how long
does that take usually well we've got a
quite a various range of skill levels
yeah and because of that you get some of
the kids that are going pretty fast and
candy for the really really good skaters
and maybe up to national and yeah you
can get a 25-second laughs actually for
some of these kids they are doing laps
sort of in the 30 to 40 second range
somewhere in there and then that's
pretty fast and what do you think for
mark versus fuzzy what do you think
they're
gonna be few minutes few hours no I
would hope if it's a few hours gonna be
a long long day a long day is that I'm
going to say it could be a minute for
them to get around the ice but you never
know they might have some hidden skills
that we don't know about never know okay
they've been in there for a while
getting on the skin suits so I think we
got to see if they're ready mark buzzing
oh here comes mark hey what do you think
any yeah I think it looks pretty good it
feels pretty good I thought it was gonna
be a little bit embarrassed but I like
the way it feels against my skin Bobby
fuzzier ready gonna really help it looks
good right here good rest of it what's
good this is ridiculous brings out your
eyes I look like blue man group except
i'm wearing a black suit with us we have
trainer ball from the Calgary speed
skating association now you're be
training fuzzy and Mark giving them some
kind of warm ups what are you make them
do well I'm you're going to focus on a
little bit of stretching so they don't
hit themselves when they get out there
so it's a pretty regular speed skater
warm-up exercises a little stretch here
and there and they'll be good to go
let's try yeah oh my toes we're going
off style alone my sex a lot better
looking in marks cables let's look at
mark skates minor size too small I just
want to let everybody know size too
small so it's probably going to be the
skates if anything slows me down it'll
be the skates marks already starting
with the excuses
Olympic training speed skating event
goes to mark is the champion
help me always traitors well the mark
versus fuzzy $10,000 charity challenge
brought to you by Shire investments with
help from laptop depot westjet vacations
and World Health Club and only on
Calgary's number 1 hit music station 598